with hiding places at a premium fish
will go to incredible lengths to hide
down here and none more so than this the
pearl fish is vulnerable out in the open
so while not feeding it must conceal
itself but it has a particular taste in
hiding places this is a sea cucumber
which feeds on the sea floor its body is
basically a living tube it sucks in sand
at one end extracts anything edible and
passes waste out the other just what the
pearl fish has been looking for but not
the mouth end it's drawn to the odor of
the other end
sea cucumbers are repulsive to most
predators so the pearl fish is safe
inside it'll stay there until it's time
to feed again
it doesn't harm its host but the bad
news for sea cucumbers is that pearl
fish are happy to share their temporary
home with others it seems there's plenty
of room for all
you